it's important to teach
teach problem solving or teach to the
problem not to the tools so this would
be like
let's say you're trying to teach people
about how engines work or you know you
could start by a more a more traditional
approach would be to say well we're
going to teach you all about
screwdrivers and wrenches and and you're
going to have a course on screwdrivers a
course on wrenches and all these things
and it's
this is a very difficult way to do it a
much better way it would be like here's
the engine now let's take it apart how
are we going to take it apart oh you
need a screwdriver that's what the
screwdriver is for you need a wrench
that's what the wrench is for and then a
very important thing happens which is
that the relevance of the tools becomes
apparent so ol5 boys are in that school
yes they like it